- Previously on "Nashville"...
- You know Jessie Caine?
- Yeah, for a long time.
- Nice to see you
I'm playing at the Mercy Lounge
Do you think that I invited
you to hear my songs
so that I could insinuate
myself into your life.
- No, no, I'm just trying
to be clear about me.
- Okay, I'm gonna go
Brand partnerships.
The best kind of integration
is entirely frictionless.
- Billy put together
a tour for me.
- I don't want you to leave.
- I need to do this
for myself now.
- There's Flynn
- Do you still want my number?
- Yeah, I want it.
♪ I don't need a parachute
Baby if I've got you ♪
♪ Baby if I've got you
I don't need... ♪
- Daphne?
I'm leaving in five minutes
if you still want that ride?
- Okay.
- All right.
(text message rings)
♪ I don't need a parachute
Baby if I've got--♪
(cell phone rings)
- Hello?
- Deacon?
It's Kristi Roberts
from FosterMore.
- Oh, Kristi, hello.
Listen,
thank you so much
for the help you're giving Liv.
We appreciate it.
- She's a real pistol,
isn't she?
- (laughs)
She absolutely is that.
- Well, I think we put her
in a real good home.
- That is fantastic, I cannot
wait to tell the girls that.
- Well, I'm so excited you're
playing our benefit tomorrow.
You know, Rayna's support
meant the world to us.
- Yeah, I do.
That's why I'm happy to do it,
all right?
- But we were hoping to have
your auction item in by now.
- Kristi, I'm sorry.
It just completely
slipped my mind.
- Because normally we put it
in the program and...
- Again, I'm sorry.
It's been real hectic
around here, so...
- Hey, I completely understand.
Now it'll be something
she performed in, right?
- Yeah, absolutely--I'll pick
some out right now, okay?
I assume you want me
to just bring it.
It's so late, right?
- That would be wonderful.
- Okay, I'll do it, okay.
- Thank you.
- I'm ready!
- Coming!
- Oh, there she is.
Hey, what's up, baby girl?
- Hey! Dude, I'm so happy
that you're doing this.
I'm a huge fan.
- Ditto.
Me too, darlin'.
- What you did
with the choreography
in Kesha's new video
was insane.
- Oh, well, thank you.
Can you please tell her that?
She would love to hear it.
Tonya, can I get a full
extension on that, please?
Thank you, baby.
- Is there anything I need
to know for tomorrow?
- No, we'll make it
very user-friendly.
- Well, don't make it
too user-friendly,
I want to look good.
- Yeah, well, I heard about
your injuries and all.
I'm really sorry
about all of that.
It must have been awful.
- It's all in the past.
I'm 100%.
- Well, okay, that's what's up.
All right, well,
I'm looking forward to it.
- You and me both.
- All right, I'll see you soon,
sweetness.
- Okay, bye.
- Thanks for coming in, guys.
Dan is aware
of all your concerns.
That's why he wanted
to meet in person.
- Yeah, we're just not
sure it's the best time
to be shooting a commercial.
- Yeah. I'd kind of rather
hide under a rock right now.
- That actually would
make a great commercial.
Remember, guys,
we don't do commercials
like other people.
Birch Tree Habitat
is the Geico
of furniture companies.
- Well, I love the one,
you know--the dogs are all
sitting in the living room
drinking tea.
The Corgi barks at her husband
for dropping the crumbs!
It gets me everytime.
- See?
Subvert the audience's idea
of what a commercial should be.
And just make it fun.
Like in this case,
the joke is entirely on us.
Let me ask you, what is
the first thing you think of
when you think of
Birch Tree Habitat?
Go ahead.
You can say it.
- Your furniture is impossible
to put together.
- Exactly.
But not anymore.
We spent millions redesigning
our assembly procedure.
So from now on, it's easy.
- Well, okay.
Um, well...
Where do we fit in to that?
- The two of you are
standing in a room.
We hear one of your
amazing songs.
A voice says, "The Exes.
Country music's favorite
on-again, off-again couple."
An unopened box gets
brought into the room.
And we see you
in sped-up motion
easily assemble this
brand new dining room table.
When you're finished,
you lean up against it.
And you're very proud
of your work.
And the voice says,
"Life is complicated.
Putting our furniture together
doesn't have to be."
- That is great.
- You see, our demographic
is over 50% millennials.
And they get that life
is complicated.
It's hard to have a career.
It's hard to believe
in the future.
It's hard to have
a relationship.
And right now, guys, honestly,
you represent that perfectly.
We show that Birch Tree Habitat
will be there through all
of their complications.
Thoughts?
- Hey.
- Well, hey.
Aren't you about ready
to leave town?
Go on the road?
- Yeah...
Just wanted to stop by
and say goodbye.
And I'm sorry for the way things
ended with Hallie.
- Oh, don't be.
We got that handled.
Charlie's gonna produce this.
It'll be fine.
- Yeah, he'll do a great job.
It honestly doesn't take much to
make her sound good.
- That's true.
You excited about the tour?
- I should be.
It's just--it's different
when you have a kid, you know.
- Yeah.
- She said her first sentence
the other day.
- She did really?
What'd she say?
- Give me milk.
- Looks like you
got you a genius.
- Yeah, she's got her first big
girl bed coming next week.
There's just so many firsts.
And I don't want
to miss any of them.
How you holding up, man?
- I'm okay.
- Yeah, I can tell.
- I'm doing this benefit
tomorrow night for this charity.
It meant a whole lot to Rayna.
And they asked me
for some auction item
they could make
some more money on, and uh...
Should be this
simple deal, but...
got me all jacked up.
You know, no reason.
- Yeah, I don't think
it's over nothing.
- It's been a while just,
you know, I keep thinking.
Maybe I should be a little
further along by now, you know.
- Yeah. I'm not sure you could
put a timeline on grief.
- I know.
What am I
supposed to do, though?
I'm gonna lock myself
in the house?
Build a shrine to her?
It just sounds so stupid.
She'd be the first one
to say so too, she would.
- Listen, Deacon.
I-I can't imagine what
you're going through.
I really can't,
but at the end of the day,
what's on these walls,
what's in her closet?
It's just stuff, right?
I mean, the life
that you shared.
The music
you wrote together.
Now that,
that's a different story.
Nobody can take that away.
That stuff's eternal.
- You're gonna be a good dad.
Go get 'em!
- So what is this benefit
you're playing?
- Uh, FosterMore, the charity
your mom used to work with.
Hey, you wanna go?
- Oh, I can't.
My friend wants me
to play this live
podcast thing she's in.
To help promote the EP.
Is that cool?
- Of course, it is.
I'll bring Daphne.
- Bring Daphne where?
- Uh, the FosterMore event.
It's tonight.
- I did that last year.
- I know.
What?
- Um, I was invited to a party
at Rebecca's house.
- Oh, what kind of party?
- It's like a bunch of kids just
watching a scary movie.
- Mm-hmm.
Mom and dad gonna be there?
- Of course.
- Okay. You can go.
All right, I gotta
get going myself.
Oh, listen...
I wanted to run
something by you guys.
Kristi from FosterMore
wanted to know
if we could donate some item
of clothing of Mom's
that they could auction off.
- You wanna give
something of Mom's away?
- Well, yeah.
- Like from her closet?
- What? No.
How could you do that?
- I'm sorry. I...
- Those are her things!
- I didn't know it would
upset you guys so much.
- Yeah, actually, it does.
- Like it upsets me a lot.
- Okay, I get that.
I understand.
I won't do it.
I'm putting it back right away.
Back to the closet it goes.
- Wait, that's what
you want to donate?
- Yeah.
- That's fine.
I hate that thing.
- Yeah, it's terrible.
We always told her
not to wear it.
- You sure?
- Yes.
- It's ugly.
The flowers are dorky.
- (chuckles)
- Our daughter just said,
"I love rabbit."
- What?
- Yes!
She picked it up and hugged it.
And the words just came out.
- I told you the kid's a genius.
- How am I supposed
to leave now?
- Hey, the first leg
is only two weeks...
- Two weeks? She could be
doing calculus in two weeks.
- I hope not.
- Promise me you won't
let her do anything new
while I'm gone, okay?
And if she does,
I want it recorded
from multiple angles.
- Okay, as long as you promise
to stay on the straight
and narrow.
- My God, you're confusing me
with my younger self.
- The tour's gonna go great.
I'm proud of you.
- Thank you.
I'm gonna go load the car.
- Okay.
- I'll be right back.
- (sighs)
- Alyssa says this
could run for months.
And if they like it,
they might have us do another.
- So we do more of these?
- Well, if that's what it takes
to get a record out there.
- I never thought I'd be
writing jingles for a living.
- All right, come on.
It's our own song.
Millions of people are
gonna hear it over and over.
- And think of furniture.
- Hey, you guys ready
to rock this thing?
♪ Hey ♪
♪ When the water's risin' ♪
♪ When the flood gates open
Ain't no slowing ♪
- Uh-huh.
Stop! Stop!
- What's up?
- You tell me.
- I'm fine.
- Yeah, well,
it doesn't look like it.
- I'm just rusty.
Just give me a couple
of rehearsals--I'll be fine.
- Look, baby, I don't
want you to hurt yourself.
- I'm not gonna hurt myself.
- Look, you survived
a plane crash.
I'm surprised you're strutting
around here as well as you are.
Come on, let me make it
a little easier for you.
Let the kids do all
the heavy lifting, huh?
All you need to do is stand here
and look pretty.
- You know what, how about
we don't make it easier?
- Yeah...
- I got this.
- All right.
All right, people,
let's start from the top.
You heard the lady.
- If you'll sign right here,
I'll have someone take your bags
to your room for you.
- All right. Is there someplace
I can get a drink around here?
- Yeah, the bar's
right over there.
- Okay, thanks.
- My first customer.
- I'll try not to be too taxing.
- Manhattan with a twist, very
dry with a splash of vermouth?
- Um, I'll just have a Coke.
- My kind of man.
You in town for work?
- Sort of.
- That's cryptic.
CIA?
- If I told you,
I'd have to kill you.
- Seriously...
(chuckles)
You're not a food critic,
are you?
Because our chef is on vacation.
- No. My band's opening
for Dierks Bentley tonight.
- No way.
I love Dierks Bentley!
All my friends are going.
- Yeah? Well, why aren't you?
- Because I'm stuck here
serving people like you.
Except...you're not
gonna be here
because you're opening
for Dierks Bentley!
Bastard!
I'm Nell, by the way.
- Avery.
- I'll forgive you if you
bring me back a t-shirt.
- Can you make
my eyes look smokey?
- Uh, not for another
year or two.
But I can make your
cheeks rosier.
- Okay, anything.
Just do it.
- Why are you so nervous?
- I'm not nervous.
Do I look nervous?
- Yes.
- Maddie, there's gonna be
a lot of eighth graders there.
- Eighth graders are just
like seventh graders,
only a little older.
- That's why I'm nervous.
- You already look a year older.
- Shut up.
- I'm sorry. I gotta go.
Just be yourself.
It'll be great.
- Zach sends his regards from
Richard Branson's island.
- Well, I want his life.
(chuckles)
- You guys look adorable.
I'm so glad you
decided to do this.
- Well, I'm pretty sure
we're gonna screw
this thingy up, but...
- Guys, you look great.
We'll see you out there.
- Thanks.
What's his name again?
- Dan.
- Why are there so many of them?
- Well, they're all afraid to
have their own opinions.
- So this is it, guys.
Everybody feeling good?
- Good enough.
- All right, then.
- I'm sorry, I thought, uh,
we were assembling
a table, right?
- Well, we thought,
what the hell?
Since you're pregnant,
why not do a crib instead?
It's all right, isn't it?
(crowd cheering)
♪ I saw you in my dream
last night ♪
♪ Your eyes were blue ♪
♪ But your skin
was black and white ♪
♪ If dreams came true
You'd still be mine ♪
You'd be alive ♪
♪ No one cares
About your dreams ♪
♪ Nobody cares ♪
♪ Except me ♪
♪ I believe I believe
I believe ♪
♪ I believe
- Let the arms grow.
Let them grow, let them grow.
♪ When it's swim or sink ♪
♪ When trouble's up ahead
and there ain't nothing left ♪
♪ But gut instinct ♪
♪ To get you out alive ♪
- Uh-huh.
Everybody walk...
♪ No time for second guessing♪
- Sexy, sexy, sexy.
♪ Hey ♪
- Here we go.
♪ When the water's rising ♪
♪ When the floodgates open
Ain't no slowing ♪
♪ You're the one I'm finding ♪
♪ Hey...♪
- Stop! Stop! Stop!
Hey, you all right?
- No.
- Take five, everybody.
Stop, stop, stop.
- You were right.
- Yeah, well,
I didn't want to be.
- I can't stand
that I can't do this!
I should have rehabbed
it harder, worked harder...
- No, see, I'm guessing
that you killed it in rehab.
That's where you
injured yourself.
Because you were
working so hard.
You know, baby,
back in the day
when I was younger,
I used to dance
with Alvin Ailey.
Old man could do
30 pirouettes in a row.
Pop, pop, pop, pop.
He couldn't tell me nothing.
But guess how many I can do now?
Three.
And that's on a good day.
Arthritis so bad, I can't even
stand on the ball of that foot.
Baby, being human is a bitch.
Took me a long time
to let go of who
I thought I should be.
And find out who I really was.
Now, you can still dance.
You just have to do it
the way you can do it now.
Not how you used to
do it a year ago.
And forgive yourself.
All right, come on,
let's get up off this floor.
We got work to do.
- There he is!
- Hello, Kristi.
- So good to see you.
- As promised.
- Thank you so much.
- My girls were a little
reluctant to part with it.
I had to twist their arms.
- It's beautiful.
- So who am I embarrassing
myself with tonight?
- You are the star attraction.
You and Martina...
- Oh, yeah, I'm the star.
- And Lady Antebellum.
- Never heard of her.
- And someone you might
remember, Jessie Caine.
- She's fantastic.
- I know. I just heard
her sound check.
And I'd better get this
over to the auction people.
I think they're ready
for your sound check now.
- Thank you.
- Hey!
- Hey.
- I don't hear anything.
Are we early?
- I don't know.
Where is everybody?
It was supposed to be
a huge party.
You want a soda?
- Yeah, sure. Thanks.
- Is he your boyfriend?
- What?
- He's cute. Kinda little.
Mine's on his way.
- Where's everybody else?
- Why would you want
anybody else?
- Thanks.
- Finally!
- They left? All right!
- Who left?
- Rebecca's parents.
They were supposed to
leave like an hour ago.
- I told my dad
they were gonna be here.
- Me too.
(music plays)
- Let's get this thing started!
Who wants some wine?
♪ Anything you're saying
to me right now ♪
♪ You probably have
the right to say ♪
♪ Any crazy things you're
feeling for me tonight ♪
♪ You can get it on
out the way ♪
- Yes!
I cannot miss!
I am incapable of missing!
- You were supposed
to hit the black!
- Incorrect!
Is he correct?
Okay, that was a pilot error.
This one will be unerring!
Nell! Thank God!
Thank God you're here.
Listen, we need you.
We need more beers.
We need wings!
- Okay, you're cut off.
- Huh?
- No more wings for you.
(cell phone rings)
- Hi baby! I miss you!
- What?
- I said I miss you!
- I miss you too.
How was tonight?
- Oh, we killed!
We murdered!
I mean, you should
have been there!
- I wish I was.
- What?
- Can you go somewhere
quieter so we can talk?
It's been a little bit
of a rough day.
- I can't hear you.
- Whoever this is,
you're infringing on
Avery's drinking time.
So maybe you should
just let him--
- Uh, sorry about that.
Geez.
- Who was that?
- That was the bartender.
I can't believe
she just said that.
But, anyway, what's up, hon?
Talk to me.
- You know what?
It's all good.
Just call me when you get
back to the room, okay?
- No, no, no--I can talk now.
I can hear you.
- You're out with your friends.
Just call me later.
- What happened to the movie?
- I know.
It's one of my favorites too.
- "Night of the Living Dead"?
- Yeah, it's a total classic.
It's one of the best
apocalyptic films ever.
Good as "Dawn of the Dead"
or the original
"Planet of the Apes".
- What's it about?
- A guy and a girl get
trapped in a house
with a bunch of zombies.
- You mean, like this?
- Exactly. (laughs)
- How do you become
a zombie anyways?
- You get bitten
by a dead person.
- I don't feel very good.
- Jessie.
- Deacon.
- Glad to hear you're
playing tonight.
- I wasn't when I heard who else
is gonna be up there.
That's some tall cotton.
- They're lucky to have you.
- Thank you.
- Guess I'm here.
(piano playing)
♪ Here we are
Just you and me ♪
♪ In a moment meant to be ♪
♪ A smile a kiss
A feeling like this ♪
♪ A song a dance,
A new romance ♪
♪ I'm so glad that
you are here with me ♪
♪ This is the moment ♪
♪ This is our moment ♪
♪ I'm so glad
that you are here with me. ♪
- Let's cut!
- I'm sorry.
- What's the matter?
- I just don't think
I can do it.
- Just take it easy.
You're gonna be all right.
- It's okay. It's alright.
- Hey. How are you doing?
Think you can make it?
- I can't do this--I should
never have agreed to it.
- You're gonna be fine.
Just give it a minute.
- Nobody's rushing you.
- Alyssa, I really don't think
I can do this. I'm sorry.
- We're right
in the middle of it.
- Well, they said
it would be a table.
Why is it a crib?
They said it was a table.
- Okay, you know what?
You want me to ask
if it can be a table?
- Please, yes.
- Okay. I'll be right back.
- I don't understand why
the crib's such a big deal.
- Because my baby's
not even born yet.
And we're already
pimping her out
for some more
Instagram followers.
- Scarlett,
it's just a commercial.
- It feels really wrong.
- Okay, so I talked
to the director.
And he said that we
only have an hour left.
So there's not enough time to
start over again with a table.
I'm really sorry.
- No, it's fine.
You tell him to start.
- She's never gonna match.
And she looks miserable.
- What are we gonna do?
- I still need a close-up.
Let's just set up
and hope she calms down.
- This has never
happened to me before.
- Never a dull moment
in the ad world.
- Oh, and it's one bark
when he wants to go out.
And two when he wants to eat.
Oh, he gets so mad when I'm sad.
Martha, why are you crying?
You, cut that out!
(laughs)
You have a dog?
- I had a lab named, um...
it's a long story.
- Well, look who's
on the bill tonight.
- Hello, Brad.
- If I had known, I would
have brought Jake along.
He'd love to see him mom play.
- Well, maybe next time.
- Well, he couldn't come anyway.
He's grounded.
- Again?
- Well, he knows the rules,
you know.
Do your homework
or pay the consequences.
- Oh, it's not that simple...
He has processing issues--
- Oh, my goodness.
He's got motivation issues.
And we're getting him past that.
Well, hey, there,
Deacon Claybourne, media tycoon.
- Hello.
How you doing?
- I'm hearing great things about
that boy genius of yours, huh?
Might even turn a profit.
- You know, anything can happen.
- Yeah. You're gonna be
coming after me soon.
I better watch out.
Unfriendly takeover
of Shiny New Records, huh?
- Completely friendly takeover.
- (laughs) Bring it, boy.
I love a good fight.
I think we both know who'd
win that one, huh, right?
Hey, y'all are in
for a treat tonight.
I discovered this woman.
What a rare treat she is.
Y'all enjoy your evening.
- Thank you.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I just thought tonight was gonna
be something a little different.
- So pissed at Chad right now.
All this so that he can make out
with Rebecca Carton.
It's much nicer out here.
- Yeah.
(bird chirps)
- Isn't that cool?
- I didn't know
birds sang at night.
- They don't usually.
Could be a Whippoorwill,
a Mockingbird.
Or a Mockingbird pretending
to be a Whippoorwill.
- How do you know
so much about birds?
- I just read.
I was a dinosaur freak
when I was younger.
I just like anything
about the natural world.
- Cool.
- A human world
is a little more confusing.
- (laughs)
I'm sorry about tonight.
- It's okay.
- I didn't want you to think
that's why I invited you.
I mean, I would have
invited you if I thought...
I mean, I would never assume,
of course, but,
I didn't want you
to think I hadn't...
I'm just making things worse,
aren't I?
- No, it's okay.
I feel the same way.
- (sighs)
Who knew parties
could be so stressful?
If this is what
eighth grade is like,
I think I'll try
and be held back.
- Same here.
- Don't ask for another.
We already closed.
- I should go anyway.
Hey, who do I call
if my TV's not working?
- The front desk.
They'll send up Yuri...
(text message rings)
Who won't know how to fix it.
- Thank you.
- Wife or girlfriend?
- Huh? Oh, uh...
it's complicated.
- Who is raining on your parade?
- Rain isn't exactly
the word I would use.
It's more like a hurricane.
Crashing waves and howling wind.
And destruction everywhere.
And then, all of a sudden,
peace.
At least for a while.
- And if she's a hurricane,
what are you?
- I am the calm in the middle.
I mean, I follow behind her,
and pick up the pieces.
- Not much fun.
- That's probably why I'm here.
On tour, that is.
Not here. Not in this hotel.
- I'm pretty sure
I can fix your TV.
- You're home early.
How was the party?
- Horrible beyond belief.
- What?
What happened?
- There was only like
eight people there.
And then it turned out to be
this weird make-out orgy.
- Oh, my God.
Did you make out with Flynn?
- No! Oh, my...
I was totally grossed out.
So I just went outside.
- Good for you.
What did he do?
- He came out too.
He probably felt the same way.
- And?
- And nothing.
We just talked about
all kinds of stuff.
Birds,..
He's pretty cool.
- And then you kissed?
- No!
No, of course not. I...
I kind of wanted to.
- All right.
- But at the same time,
I really didn't.
- Yeah, it's okay.
You just weren't ready,
that's all.
How do you know
when you're ready?
- Well, Mom says
you just kind of know.
That's what happened for me.
(text message rings)
- Okay, y'all!
We are not done yet!
We have one more item
to auction off.
And let me tell you, we have
saved the best for last.
Let's bring it out.
Now this was worn by
the Queen of Country herself.
The late, great Rayna James.
Isn't that absolutely beautiful?
Now through your generosity,
tonight we're gonna be helping
children get off the streets.
So I'm gonna help you get your
checkbook out of your pockets.
And we're gonna start
the bidding at $5,000.
Somebody give me $5,000.
I got $5,000 from that gentleman
right over there now.
Now, sir, are you gonna be
wearing that yourself?
- I know my wife will.
- I bet you're a smart man too.
Because you know what they say,
right, everybody?
Happy wife, happy life.
All right,
somebody give me $7,500.
Looking for $7,500 out there!
I need--
- $10,000!
- I got $10,000 from that
young lady right there. Yes!
Somebody say 15?
I need $15,000 out there.
- 15!
- I got $15,000!
That's what I want to see!
A bidding war for this gorgeous
piece of history right here.
Come on now.
$20,000.
We are talking about
the Queen of Country right here.
Now who would not want
a piece of that legacy?
- $25,000.
- $25,000?
I love it and she's
bidding against herself!
That's what I like to see!
But, sir, you are not gonna let
her get away with that, are you?
Come on now.
You know what comes after $25.
Say it with me.
Come on.
- $30.
- I got $30,000 over here!
- 35.
- 35!
- 40.
- 40!
It's getting
ridiculous out here.
And I absolutely love it!
This is great, but you know
what, ladies and gentlemen?
I think it's time to separate
the ladies from the boys.
And I'm gonna do it right here.
50 grand for that treasure
right there.
Somebody's good for it.
How about my little
lady right here?
- I love her.
I really do...
- But not that much?
(laughter)
- My husband's
gonna kill me as it is.
- Aw, I'm sorry to hear that.
Looks like we know who's not
getting any tonight.
- 50 grand!
- That's what I thought!
$50,000!
Thank you so much! Yeah!
- Alyssa says
they're gonna try
to cut together
what they got, so...
- Don't feel bad.
- I can't help it.
I knew it was a mistake.
Would you mind stopping?
We're out of milk.
- Yeah, sure.
- Thank you.
- (sighs)
- I don't feel like I really
want to talk right now, Jes--
- Sorry.
Did you say something?
- No.
- And a good time
was had by all, huh?
- Yeah, it's time like these
I really wish I still smoked.
Or had a gun.
- He's quite a charming fellow--
- You don't need to talk to me.
I get why you're out here.
- All for a good cause, I guess.
- Yeah, well,
I'm sure it doesn't...
make it hurt any less.
- You know, some days it's like
I can barely stand to be seen.
- That's been my life
for the last four years.
- At least you're free
of him now, huh?
- You think this is about Brad?
This isn't about Brad.
I'd be happy
to never think about him
for as long as I live.
It's about our son who...
he's killing day by day.
Cruelty by cruelty. Just...
killing his beautiful spirit.
- There's nothing
you can do about it?
- You really don't listen
to gossip, do you?
The, to fill you in,
I'm an unfit mother
who is prone
to irrational behavior,
and uncontrollable rage.
And it's got to be true, right?
Because our nanny said it.
And his assistant said it.
And my ex-best friend said it.
And the fact that he
employs all of them
would never come into play.
Right? Of course not.
- Sorry, Jessie.
- You know,
I would never presume
to know your pain, because,
honestly, I've never
had a love like that.
But I'm watching
somebody that I love...
die in slow motion.
And I would do anything
for that boy.
I'm sorry--This is
the last thing you needed.
- It's okay.
- You're up next,
Mr. Claybourne.
- Yeah, I'm coming.
Listen, Jessie...
- You don't need
to say anything.
I intruded on your solitude.
And I'm sorry, I really am.
- No, it's just--
I think it's all
gonna be all right.
I think...I do.
I think you're tough.
I think you're gonna prevail.
- You think I'm tough?
- Yeah.
Ask the trashcans.
- Sing well.
- You too.
(cell phone rings)
- Excuse me just one second.
Hey.
- Why didn't you text me back?
- I just got to the room.
- Why are you whispering?
- I'm not whispering.
How was your day?
Was Anton nice?
- Are you alone?
- Of course, I'm alone.
It's the middle of the night.
I want to know
how your day went.
- You know what,
it was really sucky, okay?
And I could have
used someone to talk to.
But I get it.
You're off doing your own thing.
You know what?
I'm tired.
Let's just talk tomorrow
when you are sober.
- No, no, no, come on.
What's going on?
- I don't know!
You tell me!
I can hear that
you're in a bathroom.
You're acting totally weird.
You are whispering.
You couldn't wait one day
to get back into
the swing of things?
- You're right.
I'm with someone.
- I knew it.
- I'm with Yuri
who's fixing the television.
It's my wife.
- Who is this, please?
- Hi. Can you hand me
back to Avery, please?
- She wants you back.
- Thank you.
- I'm gonna kill you.
- And I love you.
- I cannot fix this.
I call in the morning
to maintenance. They'll...
- Okay, yeah, yeah.
Thank you, thank you.
And I miss you.
- You do?
- Yes, terribly.
How can I miss you
this much after one day?
- I miss you too.
Why'd you have to leave?
- I don't know.
I thought that
I missed the old me.
And then when I got here,
I realized that
that's not really me anymore.
You know,
I like the new me better.
The one that has you
and Cadence in his life.
I want to come home.
- No, no you don't.
As much as I want you to...
I can't let you.
- Why not?
- Because then you'll
end up resenting me.
You'll act out
and we'll start
repeating old patterns.
It won't be good
for either one of us.
You need to get this
out of your system.
- Yeah, but what about Cadence?
- She's still gonna be here.
So will I.
- Yeah, but she's gonna
do something new,
and I'm gonna miss it.
- I know the feeling.
- I love you.
Call me in the morning.
- Ladies and gentlemen,
please put your hands together
for Mr. Deacon Claybourne!
- Thank you.
I was gonna do something else,
but this seems maybe a little
more appropriate, and uh...
This is for Rayna.
♪ I hope that I won't be
that wrong anymore ♪
♪ And maybe
I've learned this time ♪
♪ I hope that I find
what I'm reaching for ♪
♪ The way that it is
in my mind ♪
♪ Someday I'll get over you ♪
♪ I'll live to see it
all through ♪
♪ But I'll always miss ♪
♪ Dreaming my dreams with you ♪
♪ But I won't let it change me ♪
♪ Not if I can ♪
♪ I'd rather believe
in your love ♪
♪ And give it away
just as much as I can ♪
♪ To those that I'm fondest of ♪
♪ Someday I'll get over you ♪
♪ I'll live to see it
all through ♪
♪ But I'll always miss ♪
♪ Dreaming my dreams with you ♪
(applause)
- Listen, I know
what happened tonight.
- What happened tonight?
- What's the point
of even saying it?
It's so obvious.
- It's not obvious to me.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
- Why you cried.
- Can we please not
talk about that again?
- How long we gonna put it off,
Scarlett?
What? Forever?
When it's staring us
right in the face?
You don't want this.
You've been dancing around it
saying every possible thing,
except--except the truth.
- Oh...
- You don't want to
have this baby with me.
You don't want me, period.
- No, that is not it
at all actually...
- No, that's exactly it.
- No, it's not, Gunnar!
- So just for once, why don't
you just have the courage
just to say it out loud.
- Excuse me?
You don't want me in your life.
It's that.
- (clears throat) Hey, man?
Uh, buy us some beer?
Here's ten bucks.
- Yeah, not tonight,
buddy, all right?
- Oh, please,
it'll only take a second.
- Look, your friend looks
old enough--he can go buy it.
- Well, we tried,
but they're so mean in there.
- You got a lot of time
to drink ahead of you kids.
Just go play some
video games or something.
You'll thank me later.
- Come on. You know you drank
when you were our age, man.
- Yeah, I did a lot of stupid
things when I was your age.
You look smarter.
- No, we're pretty stupid.
- Look, maybe some
other time, okay?
- Come on, man.
You don't gotta be mean too.
- Look, we gotta
be somewhere, okay?
We gotta go, so just get out...
- Where you gotta be
that's so important?
- I said get out of here,
man, okay?
- Oh, God, no, please!
- All right, what are you doing?
- I wanted you
to buy us some beer.
- I'll buy you some beer.
- No, it's too late for that.
Give me your wallet.
- Here's my wallet.
- You too.
- Yep.
Oh! Shoot!
- Now look what you done!
Those are my shoes!
- Hey!
- Leave him alone!
- Shut up, bitch.
- Come on, man.
- You think you're
pretty tough, huh, man?
- You got my wallet.
Please...
- You think you can
tell me what to do?
- No, I don't think
I can tell you anything.
- Get on your knees.
- Come on.
- Jamie, come on.
- Get on your knees.
- Okay, okay.
- Oh, you want my gun.
Come on.
Be a hero for your girl.
So you think you're pretty big?
Well, you're nobody.
You're nobody.
- (screams)
- Come on, come on!
Go, go, go! (laughing)
(crying)
- It's okay.